I'm curious how accurate the step
counters are for various smart watches
and so in order to test them I'm just
going to wear them all at once and just
walk a thousand steps and then see how
many each of them is counted so I have
an Apple Watch Ultra 2 I've got a
Samsung Galaxy watch 3 I've got a pixel
Watch 2 and I've got a Garmin Phoenix 7
and just for good measure I've also
bought a cheap $9 pedometer from Amazon
that I'm going to reset right now one
two three four
[Music]
5 15 16 1 I feel like Mr Beast now 997
1,000 I have some numbers for you from
my small sample size of a th000 pixel
Watch 2 is going to be the most accurate
as far as arm-based recording don't buy
one of these and uh these are pretty
good